Work carried over from last week: 

-Reading papers and writing up notes
-Plans to explore WoRMS
-Plans to wrangle the phylogenetic tree of Actinopterigii spp


-Monday: 
Explored WoRMS online database; requested (and was granted) access to the underlying database
This is because there are >50k allegedly relevant results on WoRMS, and you can only download
data 1k entries at a time, which would be a huge waste of time. 

-Tuesday
Met fran
Met Paul (also on EDGE - ex Silwoodian!)
Met Imanol (Monni's PHD who knows a lot about fish)
I have downloaded data on all of the Actinopterygii from the Red List
Started to create my 'master table' in which I am going to compare 
accross the various data sets
I also had an interested meetign with Imanol - we went through some of the
ICUN API functionality together. He has also provided me with some reading
---
Tomorrow I'm going to continue to fill in the table and chase WoRMS
I'm also planning to take a look at the phylogenetic tree for Actinopterygii 

-Weds
Produtive day! Produced a list of all of the species that are present in both
the RED list and the FToL database. 
Then, created two seperate vectors containing all the spp found in one list 
but not the other (FTonly and RLonly). 
Ran a fuzzy search on all of the entries in the RLonly vector to check if there
where species with only a 10% difference within the FTonly list (i.e. checking
for spelling discrepancies). 
End of day: have produced a vector containing all of the index references in fuzzy.list2
of species that should NOT be included, and a list of species that need investigating. 

Plan for tomorrow; actually chase WoRMS; investigate the species in the list (its short), 
add the relevant species into the 'overlap' list that were missed because
of spelling discrepancies (keeping the RL spelling, as these will be used to 
reference the rating), then create a list of all of the viable spp. Convert
their rankings into GE scores (refer to EDGE 2/ Rikki's paper). 
Produce a short summary of this list of spp (i.e. how many families, how many
in each family, etc etc. Highlight any groups that have >500spp in). 


-Thursday
Got the worms data!
Spent HOURS trying to wrangle it into R (too large to load normally, and
had lots of quirks - learned a whole bunch of new exclusions for read.table()
Now have a complete list of all of the Actinopterygii in the WoRMS database. 
Can continue with leftover work from Wednesday on Friday. 
LATEST COMPLIcATION : look at why there is 0 overlap between WorMS and RL


-Extrawork to do:
Read Imanol's paper
Read the Handbook of EUropean Freshwater Fish  (M Kottenlat)
Familiarise self with the sampled red list index
